;; -*- mode: dotspacemacs -*-
;; This file is loaded by Spacemacs at startup.
;; It must be stored in your home directory.

(defun dotspacemacs/layers ()
  "Configuration Layers declaration."
  (setq-default
   ;; List of additional paths where to look for configuration layers.
   ;; Paths must have a trailing slash (ie. `~/.mycontribs/')
   dotspacemacs-configuration-layer-path '()
   ;; List of configuration layers to load. If it is the symbol `all' instead
   ;; of a list then all discovered layers will be installed.
   dotspacemacs-configuration-layers '(javascript
                                       html
                                       ruby
                                       python
                                       clojure
                                       elixir
                                       markdown
                                       syntax-checking
                                       vagrant
                                       git
                                       github
                                       go
                                       org
                                       version-control
                                       ranger
                                       shell
                                       (auto-completion
                                        :variables
                                        auto-completion-enable-company-help-tooltip t
                                        auto-completion-use-tab-instead-of-enter t)
                                       (colors
                                        :variables
                                        colors-enable-nyan-cat-progress-bar t))
   ;; A list of packages and/or extensions that will not be install and loaded.
   dotspacemacs-excluded-packages '()
   ;; If non-nil spacemacs will delete any orphan packages, i.e. packages that
   ;; are declared in a layer which is not a member of
   ;; the list `dotspacemacs-configuration-layers'
   dotspacemacs-delete-orphan-packages t))

(defun dotspacemacs/init ()
  "Initialization function.
This function is called at the very startup of Spacemacs initialization
before layers configuration."
  ;; This setq-default sexp is an exhaustive list of all the supported
  ;; spacemacs settings.
  (setq-default
   ;; Specify the startup banner. Default value is `official', it displays
   ;; the official spacemacs logo. An integer value is the index of text
   ;; banner, `random' chooses a random text banner in `core/banners'
   ;; directory. A string value must be a path to a .PNG file.
   ;; If the value is nil then no banner is displayed.
   ;; dotspacemacs-startup-banner 'official
   dotspacemacs-startup-banner 'official
   ;; List of themes, the first of the list is loaded when spacemacs starts.
   ;; Press <SPC> T n to cycle to the next theme in the list (works great
   ;; with 2 themes variants, one dark and one light)
   dotspacemacs-themes '(spacemacs-dark
                         spacemacs-light
                         solarized-dark
                         solarized-light
                         leuven)
   ;; If non nil the cursor color matches the state color.
   dotspacemacs-colorize-cursor-according-to-state t
   ;; Default font. `powerline-scale' allows to quickly tweak the mode-line
   ;; size to make separators look not too crappy.
   dotspacemacs-default-font '("Droid Sans Mono"
                               :size 13
                               :weight normal
                               :width normal
                               :powerline-scale 1.1)
   ;; The leader key
   dotspacemacs-leader-key "SPC"
   ;; Major mode leader key is a shortcut key which is the equivalent of
   ;; pressing `<leader> m`. Set it to `nil` to disable it.
   dotspacemacs-major-mode-leader-key ","
   ;; The command key used for Evil commands (ex-commands) and
   ;; Emacs commands (M-x).
   ;; By default the command key is `:' so ex-commands are executed like in Vim
   ;; with `:' and Emacs commands are executed with `<leader> :'.
   dotspacemacs-command-key ":"
   ;; If non nil the paste micro-state is enabled. While enabled pressing `p`
   ;; several times cycle between the kill ring content.
   dotspacemacs-enable-paste-micro-state t
   ;; Guide-key delay in seconds. The Guide-key is the popup buffer listing
   ;; the commands bound to the current keystrokes.
   dotspacemacs-guide-key-delay 0.4
   ;; If non nil a progress bar is displayed when spacemacs is loading. This
   ;; may increase the boot time on some systems and emacs builds, set it to
   ;; nil ;; to boost the loading time.
   dotspacemacs-loading-progress-bar t
   ;; If non nil the frame is fullscreen when Emacs starts up.
   ;; (Emacs 24.4+ only)
   dotspacemacs-fullscreen-at-startup nil
   ;; If non nil `spacemacs/toggle-fullscreen' will not use native fullscreen.
   ;; Use to disable fullscreen animations in OSX."
   dotspacemacs-fullscreen-use-non-native nil
   ;; If non nil the frame is maximized when Emacs starts up.
   ;; Takes effect only if `dotspacemacs-fullscreen-at-startup' is nil.
   ;; (Emacs 24.4+ only)
   dotspacemacs-maximized-at-startup nil
   ;; A value from the range (0..100), in increasing opacity, which describes
   ;; the transparency level of a frame when it's active or selected.
   ;; Transparency can be toggled through `toggle-transparency'.
   dotspacemacs-active-transparency 90
   ;; A value from the range (0..100), in increasing opacity, which describes
   ;; the transparency level of a frame when it's inactive or deselected.
   ;; Transparency can be toggled through `toggle-transparency'.
   dotspacemacs-inactive-transparency 90
   ;; If non nil unicode symbols are displayed in the mode line.
   dotspacemacs-mode-line-unicode-symbols t
   ;; If non nil smooth scrolling (native-scrolling) is enabled. Smooth
   ;; scrolling overrides the default behavior of Emacs which recenters the
   ;; point when it reaches the top or bottom of the screen.
   dotspacemacs-smooth-scrolling t
   ;; If non-nil smartparens-strict-mode will be enabled in programming modes.
   dotspacemacs-smartparens-strict-mode nil
   ;; If non nil advises quit functions to keep server open when quitting.
   dotspacemacs-persistent-server nil
   ;; The default package repository used if no explicit repository has been
   ;; specified with an installed package.
   ;; Not used for now.
   dotspacemacs-default-package-repository nil)
  ;; User initialization goes here
   (setq-default flycheck-disabled-checkers '(javascript-jshint))
  )

(defun dotspacemacs/config ()
  "Configuration function.
 This function is called at the very end of Spacemacs initialization after
layers configuration."
  (setq
   tab-width 2
   js-indent-level 2
   js2-basic-offset 2
   c-basic-offset 2
   css-indent-offset 2
   web-mode-code-indent-offset 2
   web-mode-css-indent-offset 2
   web-mode-markup-indent-offset 2
   powerline-default-separator 'zigzag
   org-src-fontify-natively t)
  (global-linum-mode t))

(custom-set-variables
 ;; custom-set-variables was added by Custom.
 ;; If you edit it by hand, you could mess it up, so be careful.
 ;; Your init file should contain only one such instance.
 ;; If there is more than one, they won't work right.
 '(ahs-case-fold-search nil)
 '(ahs-default-range (quote ahs-range-whole-buffer))
 '(ahs-idle-interval 0.25)
 '(ahs-idle-timer 0 t)
 '(ahs-inhibit-face-list nil)
 '(package-selected-packages
   (quote
    (yaml-mode window-numbering web-mode web-beautify volatile-highlights vi-tilde-fringe vagrant-tramp vagrant use-package toc-org tagedit spacemacs-theme smooth-scrolling smeargle slim-mode scss-mode sass-mode ruby-tools ruby-test-mode ruby-end robe rfringe rainbow-mode rainbow-identifiers rainbow-delimiters pyvenv pytest pyenv-mode powerline pip-requirements pcre2el paradox page-break-lines org-repo-todo org-present org-pomodoro org-bullets open-junk-file neotree move-text mmm-mode markdown-toc magit linum-relative leuven-theme less-css-mode json-mode js2-refactor js-doc info+ indent-guide ido-vertical-mode hy-mode hungry-delete htmlize hl-anything highlight-parentheses highlight-numbers highlight-indentation helm-themes helm-swoop helm-pydoc helm-projectile helm-mode-manager helm-make helm-gitignore helm-flyspell helm-descbinds helm-css-scss helm-c-yasnippet helm-ag guide-key-tip google-translate golden-ratio go-eldoc github-browse-file gitconfig-mode gitattributes-mode git-timemachine git-messenger git-link gist gh-md fringe-helper flycheck-pos-tip flx-ido fill-column-indicator fancy-battery expand-region exec-path-from-shell evil-visualstar evil-tutor evil-terminal-cursor-changer evil-surround evil-search-highlight-persist evil-org evil-numbers evil-nerd-commenter evil-matchit evil-lisp-state evil-jumper evil-indent-textobject evil-iedit-state evil-exchange evil-escape evil-args evil-anzu eval-sexp-fu enh-ruby-mode emmet-mode diff-hl cython-mode company-web company-tern company-statistics company-quickhelp company-go company-anaconda coffee-mode clean-aindent-mode bundler buffer-move auto-yasnippet auto-highlight-symbol auto-dictionary alchemist aggressive-indent adaptive-wrap ace-window ace-link ace-jump-mode ac-ispell)))
 '(ring-bell-function (quote ignore)))
(custom-set-faces
 ;; custom-set-faces was added by Custom.
 ;; If you edit it by hand, you could mess it up, so be careful.
 ;; Your init file should contain only one such instance.
 ;; If there is more than one, they won't work right.
 '(company-tooltip-common ((t (:inherit company-tooltip :weight bold :underline nil))))
 '(company-tooltip-common-selection ((t (:inherit company-tooltip-selection :weight bold :underline nil)))))
